[Compute Admin and API] -Kepler Update 2 #39754: Support for YAML format (#532)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: compute/admin_guide/install/install_defender/install_app_embedded_defender_fargate.adoc

Prisma Cloud supports the following task definition formats:

* Standard JSON format, as described https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html[here].

> * CloudFormation templates for `AWS::ECS::TaskDefinition` in JSON and YAML formats, as described https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ecs-taskdefinition.html[here].

Author: @grevach :This is here

Reviewer: @ssugandh but I still think that we should mention here that the user can use either just the task definition part of the CloudFormation template, or a full CloudFormation template

    ]
}
----

> *Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template:*

Reviewer: @ssugandh this should be:
```suggestion
*Example of the equivalent task definition as a JSON CloudFormation template:*
```

}
----

*Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template:*
*Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template in JSON:*

----
{

>   "Type" : "AWS::ECS::TaskDefinition",

Reviewer: @ssugandh I don't think this example should have been removed, it is still valid.
As I explained we now support two options:
1. providing just the task definition (same as it was before)
2. providing a full CloudFormation template (new)

So I think we should keep the existing example as the equivalent task in CloudFormation the Native Fargate task, and after it, provide another example of a full CloudFormation template in JSON, and then one example in YAML too (either just the task definition or a full CloudFormation template)

Author: I added back the removed example.

                "awslogs-region": "us-east-1",
                "awslogs-stream-prefix": "ecs"
              }
            }
          }
        ],
        "Memory": "512",
        "TaskRoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::1234567891234:role/ecsTaskExecutionRole",
        "Family": "TASK-NAME",
        "RequiresCompatibilities": [
          "FARGATE"
        ],
        "NetworkMode": "awsvpc",
        "Cpu": "256",
        "InferenceAccelerators": [],
        "Volumes": [],
        "Tags": []
      }
    },
    "HelloLambdaRole": {
      "Type": "AWS::IAM::Role",
      "Properties": {
        "RoleName": "HelloLambdaRole1",
        "AssumeRolePolicyDocument": {
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                "Service": "lambda.amazonaws.com"
              },
              "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
          ]
        }
      ],
      "Cpu" : 256,
      "ExecutionRoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::112233445566:role/ecsTaskExecutionRole",
      "Family": "webserver",
      "Memory" : 512,
      "NetworkMode" : "awsvpc",
      "RequiresCompatibilities" : [
          "FARGATE"
      ]
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: @ssugandh even though we removed this NOTE as I suggested, I do think we should mention somewhere that the user can use either a template with just the task definition or a full CloudFomration template. Maybe it can fit under the "Supported task definition formats" section, under the bullet talking about CloudFormation

Author: This is mentioned at line no 160. Please see

    }
}
----
*Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template in YAML:*

----
Type: AWS::ECS::TaskDefinition
Properties:
  ContainerDefinitions:
  - Name: web
    Image: nginx
    EntryPoint:
    - "/http_server"
  Cpu: 256
  ExecutionRoleArn: arn:aws:iam::112233445566:role/ecsTaskExecutionRole
  Family: webserver
  Memory: 512
  NetworkMode: awsvpc
  RequiresCompatibilities:
  - FARGATE
----

[NOTE]

> ====

Reviewer: @ssugandh this NOTE is no longer relevant
In this feature, except for adding the option for a YAML format, we are also allowing the customer to set up a complete CloudFormation template (including `Resources`, `taskDefinition`, etc,).
So this note should be removed, and we also need to explain somewhere in the article that the user can enter either just the task definition part, or the entire cloudformation template.
We should also provide an example of a full cloudformation template (in JSON + YAML)

Author: @grevach : I've added the examples as suggested.

}
----

> *Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template in JSON:*

Reviewer: @ssugandh this should be:
```suggestion
*Example of a full JSON CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task definition:*
```

            "EntryPoint": [
              "/http_server"
            ],
            "EnvironmentFiles": [],
            "LogConfiguration": {
              "LogDriver": "awslogs",
              "Options": {
                "awslogs-group": "/ecs/user-tracer-test",
                "awslogs-region": "us-east-1",
                "awslogs-stream-prefix": "ecs"
              }
            }
          }
        ],
        "Memory": "512",
        "TaskRoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::1234567891234:role/ecsTaskExecutionRole",
        "Family": "TASK-NAME",
        "RequiresCompatibilities": [
          "FARGATE"
        ],
        "NetworkMode": "awsvpc",
        "Cpu": "256",
        "InferenceAccelerators": [],
        "Volumes": [],
        "Tags": []
      }
    },
    "HelloLambdaRole": {
      "Type": "AWS::IAM::Role",
      "Properties": {
        "RoleName": "HelloLambdaRole1",
        "AssumeRolePolicyDocument": {
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                "Service": "lambda.amazonaws.com"
              },
              "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> *Example of the equivalent task definition as a CloudFormation template in YAML:*

Reviewer: @ssugandh this should be:
```suggestion
*Example of a full YAML CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task definition:*
```

}
----

> *Example of a full JSON CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task:*

Reviewer: @ssugandh one last update
```suggestion
*Example of a full JSON CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task definition:*
```

            "EntryPoint": [
              "/http_server"
            ],
            "EnvironmentFiles": [],
            "LogConfiguration": {
              "LogDriver": "awslogs",
              "Options": {
                "awslogs-group": "/ecs/user-tracer-test",
                "awslogs-region": "us-east-1",
                "awslogs-stream-prefix": "ecs"
              }
            }
          }
        ],
        "Memory": "512",
        "TaskRoleArn": "arn:aws:iam::1234567891234:role/ecsTaskExecutionRole",
        "Family": "TASK-NAME",
        "RequiresCompatibilities": [
          "FARGATE"
        ],
        "NetworkMode": "awsvpc",
        "Cpu": "256",
        "InferenceAccelerators": [],
        "Volumes": [],
        "Tags": []
      }
    },
    "HelloLambdaRole": {
      "Type": "AWS::IAM::Role",
      "Properties": {
        "RoleName": "HelloLambdaRole1",
        "AssumeRolePolicyDocument": {
          "Statement": [
            {
              "Effect": "Allow",
              "Principal": {
                "Service": "lambda.amazonaws.com"
              },
              "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> *Example of a full YAML CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task:*

Reviewer: @ssugandh same:
```suggestion
*Example of a full YAML CloudFormation template that includes a Fargate task definition:*
```
